by reversing the mount I was able to get
it to go a little bit further back I
like the idea of it not being out where
as quite as exposed and vulnerable to
being knocked off
the two short wires coming out of the
light or for the taillight
okay here's a valuable lesson I went to
a whole lot of trouble to not only
mechanically attach the two plugs that
came with the light but I soldered it so
that it would have both an electrical
and a mechanical connection and then I
very carefully put shrink wrap on it
then I looked and said oh boy those are
not going to fit over the terminals on
the hub and indeed they do not I would
have to have something that is that wide
I think what I'm going to do instead is
just cut these off and solder them to
the wire they'll have good mechanical
protection underneath the the wire wrap
it's okay we have Reese honored the old
ends onto the new wire the only heat
shrink tubing ahead of the right size
was blue but maybe nobody will notice
and complain so let's go ahead and start
wrapping this
this point I've got a little bit more
wire than I need so we're going to plug
these in
I'm going to make sure that it works wow
that's bright that works and then we'll
take the excess and dress it up inside
the spiral around
and there we go it's a little tight so
I'm going to pull just a little bit of
slack there I thought I had a small
piece of spiral wrap left but I'll cut a
new piece just to make that look a
little better round it up there it's not
really necessary but I think it dresses
it up a little bit
and it works so that's a wonderful thing
okay one thing about the light it does
throw out a lot of juice and even the
stand light is very bright